<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<h:head>
  <ui:include src="/META-INF/common/head_includes.xhtml" />
    <title>WaqtSalat-Service - Privacy Policy</title>
</h:head>

<h:body>

  <!-- START PRIVACY POLICY CODE -->
  <h:panelGroup layout="block" style="font-family: arial">
    <strong>What information do we collect?</strong>
    <br />
    <br />We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form or use the API. <br />
    <br />When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: e-mail address. You may, however, visit
    our site anonymously.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>What do we use your information for?</strong>
    <br />
    <br />Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: <br />
    <br />; To improve customer service<br />(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and
    support needs)<br />
    <br />
    <strong>How do we protect your information?</strong>
    <br />
    <br />We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access
    your personal information. <br />
    <br />
    <strong>Do we use cookies?</strong>
    <br />
    <br />Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser
    (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain
    information<br />
    <br /> We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site
    interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to
    assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our
    behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.<br />
    <br />If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all
    cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
    However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>Do we disclose any information to outside parties?</strong>
    <br />
    <br />We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include
    trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree
    to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the
    law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor
    information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>Third party links</strong>
    <br />
    <br /> Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party
    sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of
    these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance</strong>
    <br />
    <br />Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy
    Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.<br />
    <br />As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at
    anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance</strong>
    <br />
    <br />We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information
    from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>Accuracy of pray times</strong>
    <br />
    <br />It is not guaranteed that all pray times will be accurate for all cities at any time. Thus, we cannot be responsible of any kind
    of damages or disfavor that may be caused by the service we offer.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>Terms and Conditions</strong>
    <br />
    <br />Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the
    use of our website at <h:outputLink value="#{request.contextPath}/legal/terms_and_conditions.jsf">#{helper.applicationURL}/legal/terms_and_conditions.jsf</h:outputLink>
    <br />
    <br />
    <strong>Your Consent</strong>
    <br />
    <br />By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.<br />
    <br />
    <strong>Changes to our Privacy Policy</strong>
    <br />
    <br />If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. <br />
  </h:panelGroup>
  <!-- END PRIVACY POLICY CODE -->

</h:body>
</html>
